[release-2.4.0 < T0835-MG] Correct inconsistencies w.r.t. sync replication (#502)
memgraph/docs: docs/under-the-hood/replication.md

SYNC mode is the most straightforward replication mode in which the main storage
thread waits for the response and cannot continue until the response is

> received or until a timeout is reached. If the timeout is reached and at least one SYNC REPLICA has not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
received or a timeout is reached. If the timeout is reached and at least one SYNC REPLICA has not
```

> sent back a response, then the MAIN instance will then return an error to the user.<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sent back a response, then the MAIN instance will return an error to the user.<br/>
```

> The error indicates to the user that he should check the status of the REPLICAS

Reviewer: The error indicates that the user should check the status of the REPLICAs

> as there might be a network/hardware issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as there might be a network or hardware issue.
```

> The following diagrams express the behavior in case a SYNC REPLICA would not answer within the expected timeout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following diagrams express the behavior in cases when SYNC REPLICA doesn't answer within the expected timeout.
```

Reviewer: The behavior of what? Replication system?

#### SYNC REPLICA going down when creating index, uniqueness constraint or existence constraint

![sync-replicas-down-when-creating-index-or-constraints](data/replication/workflow_diagram_data_definition_creation.drawio.png)

#### SYNC REPLICA going down when dropping index, uniqueness constraint or existence constraint

![sync-replicas-down-when-dropping-index-or-constraints](data/replication/workflow_diagram_data_definition_dropping.drawio.png)

#### SYNC REPLICA going down adding/updating/deleting data

> ![sync-replicas-down-when-modifying-data](data/replication/workflow_diagram_data_manipulation.drawio.png)

Reviewer: The (2) in this picture doesn't exist anymore

Reviewer: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95473291/183595603-ae8db2dd-15fa-474b-8dac-041488b2ce47.png)
Missing a **:** on Uniqueness constraint on properties on 2 pictures

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95473291/183596218-58d6c505-8e86-4abc-801e-deb2db9823db.png)
I just need to point out that this Yes is not centered on both pictures... You decide if you'll fix it, I just need to say it :D

Author: Both remarks: done
